[RISK] First Class Ticket to MCT630 Island. (Look out for blinding neon lights!)
Leo lands on MCT630 Island.
Raph lands on Lebowski Boulevard.
Don lands on Toad Suck Park.
Leo lands on Lebowski Boulevard.
Leo pays ₿8 rent to Raph for Lebowski Boulevard.
Raph lands on The Swan.
Raph lands on Truxton Trickham Boulevard.
Don lands on Soucross Place.
[TACTICS] Bought an overpriced luxury electric vehicle that looks like it was designed by the SNES FX Chip. Pay ₿100 in out-of-state car insurance.
  Leo pays ₿100.
[TACTICS] You won a libel case against an online shitposter who resides in the UK! Collect ₿10.
  Mike collects ₿10 → ₿1160
Raph lands on Walter Hills.
Raph lands on Buckingham Green.
[TACTICS] Court found you liable for building code violations. For each Lv.1 or higher, pay ₿45 per level.
  Building code violations: ₿0
Leo lands on Five Spoons Square.
Mike lands on Walter Hills.
Mike pays ₿22 rent to Raph for Walter Hills.
Raph lands on Lucy's Trailer Park.
Don lands on Dobbs Vineyard.
Leo lands on The Iguana Nightclub.
Mike lands on North Sobochek Avenue.
Raph lands on Lebowski Boulevard.
Raph upgrades Lebowski Boulevard to Lv.1.
Raph upgrades The Swan to Lv.1.
Raph upgrades Truxton Trickham Boulevard to Lv.1.
Raph upgrades Walter Hills to Lv.1.
Raph lands on Dick Valentine International Airport.
Leo lands on MCT630 Island.
Mike upgrades North Sobochek Avenue to Lv.1.
Mike upgrades North Sobochek Avenue to Lv.2.
Mike upgrades North Sobochek Avenue to Lv.3.
Mike upgrades North Sobochek Avenue to Lv.4.
Raph lands on Five Spoons Square.
Raph pays ₿20 rent to Leo for Five Spoons Square.
Don upgrades Toad Suck Park to Lv.1.
Don upgrades Soucross Place to Lv.1.
Don upgrades Dobbs Vineyard to Lv.1.
Don upgrades Toad Suck Park to Lv.2.
Don upgrades Soucross Place to Lv.2.
Don upgrades Dobbs Vineyard to Lv.2.
Don upgrades Toad Suck Park to Lv.3.
Don upgrades Soucross Place to Lv.3.
Don upgrades Dobbs Vineyard to Lv.3.
Don upgrades Toad Suck Park to Lv.4.
Don upgrades Soucross Place to Lv.4.
Don lands on Toad Suck Park.
Leo upgrades MCT630 Island to Lv.1.
Leo upgrades The Iguana Nightclub to Lv.1.
Leo upgrades Five Spoons Square to Lv.1.
[RISK] You shorted the market and made a profit! Collect ₿150.
  Leo collects ₿150 → ₿472
Mike lands on Soucross Place.
Mike owes ₿625 to Don and can't cover it. Sell properties/upgrades.
Mike sells an upgrade on North Sobochek Avenue for ₿100. Now Lv.3.
Mike sells an upgrade on North Sobochek Avenue for ₿100. Now Lv.2.
Mike settles their ₿625 debt.
Raph lands on Walter Hills.
Don pays ₿40 rent to Mike for Buford T. Justice Memorial Courthouse.
Leo lands on Dick Valentine International Airport.
Mike lands on Dick Valentine International Airport.
Mike pays ₿14 rent to Leo for Dick Valentine International Airport.
Raph lands on Dobbs Vineyard.
Raph owes ₿850 to Don and can't cover it. Sell properties/upgrades.
Raph sells an upgrade on Lebowski Boulevard for ₿25. Now Lv.0 (base).
Raph sells an upgrade on The Swan for ₿50. Now Lv.0 (base).
Raph sells an upgrade on Truxton Trickham Boulevard for ₿75. Now Lv.0 (base).
Raph sells an upgrade on Walter Hills for ₿75. Now Lv.0 (base).
Raph mortgages Truxton Trickham Boulevard for ₿110.
Raph mortgages Buckingham Green for ₿160.
Raph mortgages Walter Hills for ₿130.
Raph mortgages Lebowski Boulevard for ₿60.
Raph mortgages The Swan for ₿70.
Raph settles their ₿850 debt.
Leo lands on Five Spoons Square.
Mike lands on Racist Ass Rock.
Mike lands on The Iguana Nightclub.
Mike pays ₿130 rent to Leo for The Iguana Nightclub.
Raph upgrades Lebowski Boulevard to Lv.1.
Raph unmortgages Lebowski Boulevard for ₿66.
Raph unmortgages The Swan for ₿77.
Raph mortgages Lucy's Trailer Park for ₿30.
Raph lands on The Hotel Mary Chang.
Don failed to appeal their case (1/3 attempts).
Leo lands on Buckingham Green.
Leo lands on Cummings Avenue.
Don failed to appeal their case (2/3 attempts).
Leo lands on Soucross Place.
Leo owes ₿625 to Don and can't cover it. Sell properties/upgrades.
Leo sells an upgrade on Five Spoons Square for ₿75. Now Lv.0 (base).
Leo settles their ₿625 debt.
Mike upgrades North Sobochek Avenue to Lv.3.
Mike upgrades North Sobochek Avenue to Lv.4.
Mike upgrades North Sobochek Avenue to Lv.MAX.
Mike lands on The Hotel Mary Chang.
Mike pays ₿6 rent to Raph for The Hotel Mary Chang.
Raph lands on Racist Ass Rock.
Don failed to appeal their case (3/3 attempts).
Don did their time and is free from Prison.
Leo lands on The Swan.
Leo pays ₿10 rent to Raph for The Swan.
[TACTICS] Someone living on White Avenue who likes to ride the white train going towards the airport has been hissing about you and all the barking from your dogs. They're not going to shut up until they syphon some money from you.
Raph pays ₿25 rent to Don for Metro Rail Gold Line.
[TACTICS] Receive ₿25 in consultancy fees for a startup you never even heard of.
  Don collects ₿25 → ₿2840
Leo lands on Lucy's Trailer Park.
Mike lands on The Iguana Nightclub.
Mike pays ₿130 rent to Leo for The Iguana Nightclub.
Raph lands on Lucy's Trailer Park.
Don upgrades Toad Suck Park to Lv.MAX.
Don upgrades Soucross Place to Lv.MAX.
Don upgrades Dobbs Vineyard to Lv.4.
Don upgrades Dobbs Vineyard to Lv.MAX.
Don pays ₿110 rent to Raph for Saint Huck's Hospital.
Leo lands on Lebowski Boulevard.
Leo pays ₿40 rent to Raph for Lebowski Boulevard.
Mike lands on MCT630 Island.
Mike pays ₿200 rent to Leo for MCT630 Island.
Raph unmortgages Lucy's Trailer Park for ₿33.
Raph unmortgages Truxton Trickham Boulevard for ₿121.
Raph unmortgages Walter Hills for ₿143.
Raph lands on Toad Suck Park.
Raph owes ₿550 to Don and can't cover it. Sell properties/upgrades.
Raph mortgages The Hotel Mary Chang for ₿50.
Raph mortgages Lucy's Trailer Park for ₿30.
Raph mortgages Walter Hills for ₿130.
Raph mortgages Truxton Trickham Boulevard for ₿110.
Raph mortgages The Swan for ₿70.
Raph sells an upgrade on Lebowski Boulevard for ₿25. Now Lv.0 (base).
Raph mortgages Lebowski Boulevard for ₿60.
Raph settles their ₿550 debt.
Raph owes ₿25 to Leo and can't cover it. Sell properties/upgrades.
Raph mortgages Saint Huck's Hospital for ₿75.
Raph settles their ₿25 debt.
Leo mortgages Cummings Avenue for ₿30.
Leo upgrades Cummings Avenue to Lv.1.
Leo upgrades Cummings Avenue to Lv.2.
Leo upgrades Cummings Avenue to Lv.3.
Leo upgrades Cummings Avenue to Lv.4.
Leo sells an upgrade on Cummings Avenue for ₿25. Now Lv.3.
Leo upgrades Cummings Avenue to Lv.4.
Leo unmortgages Cummings Avenue for ₿33.
Mike pays ₿25 rent to Leo for Metro Rail White Line.
Don lands on Soucross Place.
[TACTICS] Aww, looks like someone got caught doing a MISDEMEANOR! Go directly to PRISON's Minimum Security. No Payday!
Mike paid ₿25 bail and is free.
Raph lands on Five Spoons Square.
Raph pays ₿20 rent to Leo for Five Spoons Square.
Don lands on University Square.
Mike lands on Walter Hills.
[RISK] Cryptomining Farm needs repairs. Pay ₿20.
  Raph pays ₿20.
Raph lands on Lebowski Boulevard.
Don pays ₿50 rent to Leo for Metro Rail Red Line.
[RISK] Take the Metro Rail to the Blue Line! (If you pass Payday, Recover 1HP and Collect ₿200)
Don pays ₿25 rent to Mike for Metro Rail Blue Line.
Leo failed to appeal their case (1/3 attempts).
Mike pays ₿25 rent to Don for Metro Rail Gold Line.
Raph lands on White Avenue.
Don lands on Soucross Place.
Don lands on Racist Ass Rock.
Leo paid ₿50 bail and is free.
[TACTICS] Blackmailed the pedophile president into giving you a pardon after showing video of him with both a horse AND Bill Clinton on Epstein Island. GET OUT OF JAIL FOR FREE! Keep it, use it to get out of a PRISON situation.
Leo keeps this as a Get Out of Jail Free card.
Mike lands on The Swan.
Raph lands on Truxton Trickham Boulevard.
Don upgrades University Square to Lv.1.
Don upgrades University Square to Lv.2.
Don upgrades University Square to Lv.3.
Don upgrades University Square to Lv.4.
Don upgrades University Square to Lv.MAX.
Don upgrades Racist Ass Rock to Lv.1.
Don upgrades Racist Ass Rock to Lv.2.
Don upgrades Racist Ass Rock to Lv.3.
Don upgrades Racist Ass Rock to Lv.4.
Don upgrades Racist Ass Rock to Lv.MAX.
Don pays ₿50 rent to Leo for Metro Rail Red Line.
Leo upgrades Cummings Avenue to Lv.MAX.
Leo upgrades Dick Valentine International Airport to Lv.1.
Leo upgrades The Iguana Nightclub to Lv.2.
Leo upgrades Five Spoons Square to Lv.1.
Leo lands on Five Spoons Square.
Mike lands on Dick Valentine International Airport.
Mike pays ₿70 rent to Leo for Dick Valentine International Airport.
Raph lands on North Sobochek Avenue.
Raph owes ₿1275 to Mike and can't cover it. Sell properties/upgrades.
Raph mortgages White Avenue for ₿80.

  The harsh world of Capitalism has claimed the life of Raph. They have been eliminated. All properties returned to the bank, and any remaining money added to the Lotto pool. Tots and Pears go out to Raph's friends and family.
Don lands on Dobbs Vineyard.
[RISK] Advance to the nearest Metro Rail Station! If unowned, you may buy it. If owned, roll and pay owner 10× that roll.
  Special rent: [3]+[1]=4 × 10 = ₿40 → Mike
Leo lands on The Swan.
Mike lands on Five Spoons Square.
Mike pays ₿100 rent to Leo for Five Spoons Square.
[TACTICS] Successfully cooked the books this tax season! Collect ₿20.
  Don collects ₿20 → ₿1670
Leo lands on Truxton Trickham Boulevard.
Don lands on Studio Anni Plaza.
Mike paid ₿50 bail and is free.
Mike lands on Dick Valentine International Airport.
Mike pays ₿70 rent to Leo for Dick Valentine International Airport.
Don pays ₿25 rent to Mike for Metro Rail Blue Line.
Leo pays ₿25 rent to Don for Metro Rail Gold Line.
Mike lands on Truxton Trickham Boulevard.
Mike pays ₿18 rent to Leo for Truxton Trickham Boulevard.
Don lands on Soucross Place.
Mike lands on Five Spoons Square.
Mike pays ₿100 rent to Leo for Five Spoons Square.
Don upgrades Studio Anni Plaza to Lv.1.
Don upgrades Studio Anni Plaza to Lv.2.
Don upgrades Studio Anni Plaza to Lv.3.
Don upgrades Studio Anni Plaza to Lv.4.
Don upgrades Studio Anni Plaza to Lv.MAX.
Don lands on Dick Valentine International Airport.
Don pays ₿70 rent to Leo for Dick Valentine International Airport.
Leo upgrades The Swan to Lv.1.
Leo upgrades Truxton Trickham Boulevard to Lv.1.
[RISK] Uh OH! You were caught doing a FELONY! Go directly to PRISON's Gen Pop. No Payday!
Mike lands on The Iguana Nightclub.
Mike pays ₿390 rent to Leo for The Iguana Nightclub.
Don pays ₿50 rent to Leo for Metro Rail Red Line.
Leo used a Get Out of Jail Free card and has been released.
[TACTICS] Internet celebrity memecoin rugpull scam did numbers! Receive ₿200.
  Leo collects ₿200 → ₿891
[TACTICS] Collect ₿100 from buying and gutting out local businesses to sell to soul-sucking private equity corporations!
  Mike collects ₿100 → ₿490
[RISK] Insider trading tip pays off! Collect ₿50.
  Don collects ₿50 → ₿450
Leo lands on Five Spoons Square.
Mike lands on Toad Suck Park.
Mike pays ₿550 rent to Don for Toad Suck Park.
Don lands on Soucross Place.
Leo lands on North Sobochek Avenue.
Leo owes ₿1275 to Mike and can't cover it. Sell properties/upgrades.
Leo sells an upgrade on The Iguana Nightclub for ₿100. Now Lv.1.
Leo sells an upgrade on The Iguana Nightclub for ₿100. Now Lv.0 (base).
Leo sells an upgrade on Cummings Avenue for ₿25. Now Lv.4.
Leo sells an upgrade on Cummings Avenue for ₿25. Now Lv.3.
Leo sells an upgrade on Cummings Avenue for ₿25. Now Lv.2.
Leo sells an upgrade on Truxton Trickham Boulevard for ₿75. Now Lv.0 (base).
Leo sells an upgrade on Cummings Avenue for ₿25. Now Lv.1.
Leo sells an upgrade on Cummings Avenue for ₿25. Now Lv.0 (base).
Leo settles their ₿1275 debt.
Mike lands on White Avenue.
[RISK] Take a Bullet Train to Five Spoons Square! (If you pass Payday, Recover 1HP and Collect ₿200)
Don lands on Five Spoons Square.
Don pays ₿100 rent to Leo for Five Spoons Square.
Mike upgrades White Avenue to Lv.1.
Mike upgrades White Avenue to Lv.2.
Mike upgrades White Avenue to Lv.3.
Mike upgrades White Avenue to Lv.4.
Mike upgrades White Avenue to Lv.MAX.
[RISK] You did a solid for a sleazy law practice. Earn a Lawyer Token!
  Mike gains a Lawyer Token (1 total)
Don lands on Walter Hills.
Leo lands on Lebowski Boulevard.
Mike lands on Walter Hills.
Mike pays ₿22 rent to Don for Walter Hills.
Don lands on Dobbs Vineyard.
Don upgrades Walter Hills to Lv.1.
Don upgrades Walter Hills to Lv.2.
Don upgrades Walter Hills to Lv.3.
Don upgrades Walter Hills to Lv.4.
Don upgrades Walter Hills to Lv.MAX.
Don lands on Buckingham Green.
Leo lands on Dick Valentine International Airport.
Mike lands on Buckingham Green.
Don lands on Lucy's Trailer Park.
[RISK] Take the public bus to Soucross Place! (If you pass Payday, Recover 1HP and Collect ₿200)
Leo lands on Soucross Place.
Leo owes ₿750 to Don and can't cover it. Sell properties/upgrades.
Leo sells an upgrade on Five Spoons Square for ₿75. Now Lv.0 (base).
Leo sells an upgrade on Dick Valentine International Airport for ₿50. Now Lv.0 (base).
Leo sells an upgrade on The Swan for ₿50. Now Lv.0 (base).
Leo settles their ₿750 debt.
Mike upgrades Buckingham Green to Lv.1.
Mike upgrades Buckingham Green to Lv.2.
Mike upgrades Buckingham Green to Lv.3.
[RISK] Pay the city ₿15 for permit fees.
  Don pays ₿15 in permit fees.
Leo lands on Dick Valentine International Airport.
Mike lands on The Hotel Mary Chang.
Mike lands on White Avenue.
Mike rolled doubles three times in a row — busted for reckless speeding and sent straight to Prison!
